Zhou Shuochang, are you here too?
We do news
How can you not be here on such a big occasion?
You don't know about this show of Rongmei Clothing.
That's famous
Even many newspapers outside the province
They all said they were coming to interview our lady boss
So famous
Isn't it right?
This kind of clothing show is very popular abroad now.
Funky events like this
That is properly given to us in Jinxiang
Pull attention
Hey, hey, this brother Xu?
I think that's right.
Are you in the business of revitalizing your hometown?
This money cannot be fined.
Not only can't you punish us?
I also have to support you all to choose men's clothes
I will pay the bill to the lady boss to increase her popularity.
This gentleman is prone to being ugly.
180 cups of court jade liquid wine
I am Baiyun
I am black earth
I'm 71 I'm 75 Okay
Love you
Love you to walk peacefully alone